Update README.md (#139)
hedge-dev/XenonRecomp: README.md

This project was heavily inspired by [N64: Recompiled](https://github.com/N64Recomp/N64Recomp), a similar tool for N64 executables.

> **DISCLAIMER:** This project does not provide a runtime implementation. It only converts the game code to C++, which is not going to function correctly without a runtime backing it. **Having the game working is your responsibility.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**DISCLAIMER:** This project does not provide a runtime implementation. It only converts the game code to C++, which is not going to function correctly without a runtime backing it. **Making the game work is your responsibility.**
```
